Streamlined run task reviews: Update API changelog, add integration docs (#413)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/run-tasks/index.mdx

Once your server receives this payload, Terraform Cloud expects you to callback to the supplied `task_result_callback_url` using the `access_token` as an [Authentication Header](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs#authentication) with a [jsonapi](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs#json-api-formatting) payload of the form:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "type": "task-results",
      "attributes": {
        "status": "running",
        "message": "Hello task",
        "url": "https://example.com",
        "outcomes": [...]
      }
  }
}
```

Terraform Cloud expects this callback within 10 minutes, or the task will be considered to have `errored`. The supplied message attribute will be displayed in Terraform Cloud on the run details page. The status can be `running`, `passed` or `failed`.

Here's what the data flow looks like:

![Screenshot: a diagram of the user and data flow for a Terraform Cloud run task](/img/docs/terraform-cloud-run-tasks-diagram.png)

> Refer to the [Run Task Integration API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks/run-tasks-integration#structured-results) for the exact payload specification, as well as the [Run Task JSON Schema](/schema/run-tasks/runtask-result.json) for code generation and payload validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [run task integration API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks/run-tasks-integration#structured-results) for the exact payload specifications, and the [run task JSON schema](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/blob/main/website/public/schema/run-tasks/runtask-result.json) for code generation and payload validation.
```
